---
title: "My sanctuary of thoughts"
description: "Everyday that I think about us really parting ways, it scares me, even now I still refuse to believe that we broke up, no, you're still my bebu, you're still my babe, my mahal. Not a second..."
category: "thoughts"
date: "10-19-2025"
---

# I love you, my Jhaizen

Everyday that I think about us really parting ways, it scares me, even now I still refuse to believe that we broke up, no, you're still my bebu, you're still my babe, my mahal. Not a second of the day that I dont think about you. Before you I was alone, in a very dark place, locked in my own thoughts, depressing, isolation, no one to talk to, close-minded, narrow-minded, and afraid to open up my feelings, but then I met you, I knew I couldn't miss the opportunity, you were the best thing that ever happened to me, I didn't love the idea of you, I loved the person you are, I really wanted to know you that time, I fell in love in the way you talked to me, how thoughtful you were, how you cared, in our chats, in our everyday lives, the way you understand me. I love you so much no words can express, often times I keep thinking of each possibility of my future, of marrying you. Remember when I told you I was date to marry, I wasn't kidding by that, back then, I decided that when I love someone, she'll be the one I'll love until I die, I know we're so young, my emotions are probaby just unstable, but to love this much, to be crazy this much, I wouldn't wanna be sane if it's for the person that made me alive, that brought me out from the shell of isolation, before you, I kept asking myself the meaning of my life, andn I found it in you, everytime I said that you are the only person I really loved my entire life, I mean it, never have I ever experienced such love nor loved anyone like I love you. To be understood this much, and accepted for who I am, how could I let it go, I just want you by my side forever, religion won't be a problem, I will make everything right for a future to be with you, I kept thinking about the possibilities of anyone new, but the thought of you outweights it all, I want to be with you, I need you, in this lifetime, one love from you would be enough than a love from many that doesn't last. I have so many regrets, we did so much mistakes, but we stayed, we kept loving each other. I miss you so much, my Jhaizen, you are my soulmate :(( I miss your hugs, your kisses, the way you sweetly talk to me, the way I looked forward to your every goodmornings, every goodnights. Remember how I told you how I'm scared of death the most, the thought of losing you is what I'm scared of the most na, it's 2:09AM, and I'm suffocating in my thoughts, will I still be like this when I wake up? Yes. The moment I wake up, the first thing I keep doing is check when the last time you've seen our chats, if you ever sent me a message, I'm willing to do anything just to keep you just for a chance to be loved again. But I don't wanna pressure you mahal ko, I understand why you had to distance yourself from me. But I'm willing to wait a million lifetimes just to be with you. I'm sorry if I'm sounding crazy :(( I love you so much, all I ever wanna do is love you, support you, care for you, remind you everyday to take of yourself. Mahal na mahal kita Jhaizen ko.
