---
title: "I suffer in silence"
description: "She told me I am selfish, she treats me like nothing :(( She asked me how her friend's were relevant, how her teacher's trust matters to her more than I do."
category: "thoughts"
date: "10-19-2025"
---

# I hope you acknowledge my feelings babe

It's 3:45PM. I remember when she told me I am selfish, she treats me like nothing :(( She asked me how her friend's were relevant, how her teacher's trust matters to her more than I do. She always says I have to understand, but what about the feelings I'm feeling, when will it be acknowledged. Everything I did to build up our relationship is like nothing to her. I was there when she was crying having trouble making friends, when she was at her lowest late at nights, how I cheered for her when she was down, how I protected her name and her image when we we're having family issues. :(( She wouldn't acknowledge me when I bring up my feelings, everything is always about her, how painful it is for her. She's always the victim :(( But what about me, I always suffer in silence, without nobody, I don't open up, nor talk to anyone because I believe only us can fix our relationship . Were my actions boring, was I bad. All I try to do is show my love for her :((, my intentions are so pure I was willing to lose myself just to show much I love her as she was the meaning of my life. It's so hard to move on after everything I did to prove my love for her :((, I felt betrayed, left alone, and my image destroyed, I still wish she comes back, she's my precious baby, I don't wanna lose soulmate, she's the love of my life :((
