---
title: "The way I am to you po"
description: "We both know our past is not so great po, we had some internal conflicts with our families we both relate to. And I'm really sorry babe if I cursed at you, said some things, also for all the times I was bringing up"
category: "thoughts"
date: "10-19-2025"
---

# I'm sorry for when my words were sharp

We both know our past is not so great po, we had some internal conflicts with our families we both relate to. And I'm really sorry babe if I cursed at you, said some things, also for all the times I was bringing up "break ups" as an ultimatum whenever we fought, I've grown from it po, I didn't really understand myself why I did that, but I was really just a coward during those, scared to face it, just choosing the easiest way out, I was immature. Deep down I know I can never leave you alone, vulnerable and hurt. :(( But it's somehow unfair babe, every fights we had, every problems we had, we were both hurting po, I understand how much hurt you are, from the emotional exhaustions, the physicality po, but nasasaktan din naman po ako, and I carry the guilt, hoping na sana ako nalang yung nakakaramdam ng sinasaktan. I grew up in a house of violence din naman po and how I saw my father hurt my mom, me, and my brother. I saw something I was never supposed to see, my father was choking my mom with a thick rope, and the violence, it was all too much. I got scared of drunk people, I swore to never hit or hurt a girl. I'm sorry for how much curse words I said that night, I was scared, worried, overthinking, and terrified of what might happen to you. Sino partner ba ang hindi magagalit if their partner go out drinking without telling them :(( and that night, like I said po, kaaway ko tita ko, pinaringgan ako ng mga masasakit na salita, sinigawsigawan ako, all because of what? dahil nakalimutan ko patayin yung gripo, I wanted to throw all the plates, but I isolated here in my room, and it was a bad night, na marereceive ko po na you were drink, at midnight, not knowing sino mga kasama mo :((, If I did the same thing wouldn't you be mad po, I'm not trying to justify my actions, I will never curse at you again babe. I kept saying praying to God. I kept praying that night and the night after that until now, I pray every night. I would never ever hurt you babe :((, for all the times I showed up when you were lost, when you were at your lowest, when you were only making friends back then, when we stayed up late at nights :((, every threats po ng mom mo telling me to show up at your house or else I won't see you again, I still showed up, when pumunta po kayo sa bahay namin, and I swore to never contact you again, I knew you weren't ready kaya I still stayed even if I was on notary :(, I never told it to anyone, not my brother, my friends, no one. I faced it all alone, stayed all night with the heavy feelings. I don't wanna call it unfair po, pero when I burst into rage. You turned against me with all your friends po, you let them control your decisions :(( Everything in our relationship should have stayed in our relationship, even if ayaw mo na po, kung gaano ka na kapagod. Please po don't let anyone else read the messages I send to you po hm I trust you po :( I will keep protecting you po if you are the one vulnerable. Tayo lang naman po responsible for each other's feelings. Babe, mahal na mahal kita, nung sinasabi mong nagprapray ka kay God na kung hindi tayo for each, I also prayed na sana gawan nya ng paraan para maging tayo sa huli. Make me believe na it's possible. I know how delicate you are babe, how vulnerable you can be kaya I understand po. Simula nung tinatry kong hindi ka ichat, walang gabi na hindi ako umiiyak while thinking and asking how bad of a person I am, I kept thinking if this is a punishment, I was trying to be logical, rational, kung bakit nangyayari 'to, Mahal na mahal kita Jhai, :(( To cry this much for such a long time. I cry to God often times. I know how much you mean to me :((, I wish I could turn back time. You are still my baby despite everything po. Mahal na mahal kita Jhaizen ko.