---
title: "10-23-2025 12:24AM"
description: "God, I dont wanna write anymore. I have so many bottled up emotions, bottled up thoughts, why is the final act of love letting go. I lost the love my life but she didn't lost me. If she were to call me, I'd answer instantly, if she's lost, I'd find her, if she's sad, I'll listen for hours and make her happy"
category: "thoughts"
date: "10-23-2025"
---

# 10-23-2025 12:24AM

God, I dont wanna write anymore. I have so many bottled up emotions, bottled up thoughts, why is the final act of love letting go. I lost the love my life but she didn't lost me. If she were to call me, I'd answer instantly, if she's lost, I'd find her, if she's sad, I'll listen for hours and make her happy, if she's in pain I'll comfort her and buy her foods. I'm willing to change everything about myself for her, I kept contemplating. I kept yearning, I'm grieving, I'm still hoping but everytime I remember everything she said. How do I love someone without her getting hurt. If this is my karma, then I'm completely broken down. For every sins I've done I'm willing to pay etih my blood rather than my heart. I keep thinking about her, if this could've been prevented. I wonder if she grieves, if she misses me, or if she gets sad randomly like I do. Was I a bad person? did I show my loyalty wrong, did I gave too much generosity, was I too understanding, was I immature. Why do I only realize how much I love loving her just now that everything is gone. It feels like my goal in life has changed, back then I wanted a successful and life full of freedom, but now if to live is to love, I want a future rich in love and comfort, built on hardships and growth. Thank you God for showing me what love means. I want to get the love of my life back, but am I asking too much. Are we too young? Is it too early to be inlove this much? I love loving her, I love showing her beautiful places, I love feeding her new foods, I love to tell her my daily experiences, I wanna cheer her up when she's sad. Even if for a tiny fraction of possibility, I'm still hoping I'd still get her back. I don't want to shower all my love to another girl. I just want my baby back.
